hiring: Change general frontend role to be Cloud specific (#2345)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/hiring/software-engineer-cloud-frontend.md

# Software Engineer - Cloud - Frontend

> The [Cloud team](../cloud/index.md) is looking for an experienced frontend engineer who knows how to build intuitive user experiences to make the power of [Universal Code Search](https://about.sourcegraph.com/product) accessible to everyone on [sourcegraph.com](https://sourcegraph.com/). You will have a lot of ownership to solve tough technical and UX problems that will drive massive adoption of our product by developers all around the world.

Reviewer: @tsenart If I recall your requirement was for a fairly senior frontend engineer. If that is the case I think we should call that out specifically.

Reviewer 2: Do you mean change "experienced" to "senior"?

Author: Changed to senior, thanks.

> The [Cloud team](../cloud/index.md) is looking for an experienced frontend engineer who knows how to build intuitive user experiences to make the power of [Universal Code Search](https://about.sourcegraph.com/product) accessible to everyone on [sourcegraph.com](https://sourcegraph.com/). You will have a lot of ownership to solve tough technical and UX problems that will drive massive adoption of our product by developers all around the world.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Cloud team](../cloud/index.md) is looking for a senior frontend engineer who knows how to build intuitive user experiences to make the power of [Universal Code Search](https://about.sourcegraph.com/product) accessible to everyone on [sourcegraph.com](https://sourcegraph.com/). You will have a lot of ownership to solve tough technical and UX problems that will drive massive adoption of our product by developers all around the world.
```

   - 1 hour **Team collaboration:** We ask you about how you work and communicate in a team setting, how you handle tricky situations, decisions you made, and what you'd do differently today.
     - You will interview with one teammate from each of the following 2 lists
       - **Engineer**:
         - [TJ Kandala](../../../company/team/index.md#tharuntej-kandala-he-him)
         - [Loïc Guychard](../../../company/team/index.md#lo%c3%afc-guychard)
         - [Marek Zaluski](../../../company/team/index.md#marek-zaluski)
       - **Non-engineer**:
         - [Rob Rhyne](../../../company/team/index.md#rob-rhyne)
         - [Alicja Suska](../../../company/team/index.md#alicja-suska-she-her)
         - [Quinn Keast](../../../company/team/index.md#quinn-keast-he-him)
         - [María Craig](../../../company/team/index.md#mar%c3%ada-craig-she-her)
         - [Eric Brody-Moore](../../../company/team/index.md#eric-brody-moore)
         - [Jonah Dueck](../../../company/team/index.md#jonah-dueck-he-him)
         - [Josh Saunders](../../../company/team/index.md#josh-saunders)
         - [Nick McMillen](../../../company/team/index.md#nick-mcmillen-he-him)

>          - [Christine Lovett](../../../company/team/index.md#christine-lovett-she-her)

Reviewer 3: Can you trim this panel, it feels like too many people. Here is the change we made to code insights JD (Which this one is based on) before it was merged: https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/2200/commits/9209e3d77096dfa619080ff298056ed735c63559

cc @felixfbecker @jeanduplessis

Author: https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/2366
